Lin
Mr. Lin, you are the new boss of the Blue Moon Army.
Haha come here
I am his man
Next I will advance him one year's salary
You dream of advancing my salary
Don't even think about it
Mr. Li, I'll take care of the matter here.
You go take a rest
ah
I'm so scared, you dare to talk to me like this?
I want to break up with you
Break up, you want to dump me
Give 1 million as breakup fee first
Otherwise you can't get rid of me
I'm always pestering you
million
Are you crazy about money?
Where can I find so much money for you?
I paid this money.
Is it worth spending 1 million to get rid of a scumbag?
Mr. Lin, that's not what I meant.
Okay, I said you have been a broadcaster for so long.
Why didn't I meet a big brother?
It turns out that she is having an affair with the company boss.
Don't talk nonsense
I don't have 5 million
Yes, yes, what is 5 million?
Don't you just want money?
I can give you 5 million as a breakup fee.
But you have to promise
From now on, you have to disappear from the world of military parades
I didn't expect this stinky thing to be worth so much money
No, then I'm leaving.
Hey hey hey ah
What do you want to do?